# missing-assignment-report-generator
An Excel Macro file to format missing assignment reports created by Canvas.

Missing Assignment Report Generator v0.1.0

Note: No further versions are planned.

*Description

	The Missing Assignment Report Generator (the "Generator")
	takes missing assignment reports generated by Canvas 
	(an Leaning Management System by Instructure, Inc.) and 
	formats it for printing. Reports are sorted by student
	and missing assignments are sorted by due date for each
	student.

*Installation

	Unzip all the files into the desired directory.

*Usage

	-Generating a Report:
		1) Use Canvas to generate a missing assignment report.
		2) Save the report as a ".CSV" file (default) in an 
			accessible location.
		3) Open the Generator (Missing_Assignment_Generator.xlsm)
		4) If prompted, enable content for this file.
		5) Click "Import from CSV" and open the missing assignment
			report that you would like to format.
		6) Ensure that the report has the correct information.
		7) Use Excel's "Print" feature to print the report.

	The Generator displays assignments that are due on or after 
	the start date of the current quarter.

	-To Change the Start Date of the Current Quarter
		1) In the Generator, go to the sheet titled 
			"Quarter Start Date".
		2) Enter the first day of the quarter (or semester)
			into the green cell. The Generator will not 
			allow a future date	for this field.
		
*Support
	
	Email: kifaru9@gmail.com

*Author
	
	Elijah Goossen

*License and Affiliation

	The Generator was created using Microsoft Office Excel.
	Used with permission from Microsoft.
	The Generator has no affiliation with Microsoft or Instructure, Inc.
	The use of the Generator is governed by MIT License.
